Hi welcome back my student.
This is Edwin again.
Now on this lecture here I'm going to show you a really cool functionality if you already have it.
Figure it out.
Now even if we know we are logged in we can still see this log in form right now.
It would be nice that if we log in to the or see a mass and we come back to this page you would display
something like logged in with a user name and a little button that we can log out.
Right.
That would be nice.
So let me show you what we are creating in this lecture.
Something like this.
Again we go back there you can see that he says are logged in as Ricos so he will display the user name
and it will give you a little logout button.
All right so that's what we're building.
So if you're ready to build this let's get to it.
Now the first thing that you should be doing right now is opening your editor because we are going to
be creating this.
All right.
So go to your sidebar because that's where our code will be right here.
All right includes.
And then cyber.
Are you ready.
All right.
So the first thing that we need to do is detect to see if some user rule was actually set.
We know that if we login they use a roll the session use are always going to be set.
Right so that's the that's the way that we know that we are logged in.
Right.
So we're going to open some again tagging and I use a shorthand version of the if statement.
All right.
This shorthand version is like this with a colon.
So if we are parenthesis like this then we're going to end it up right here so we can say and if and
then you see me using this many times you're going to put to use a semi-colon there because that means
we're done with this command.
All right.
So it's just cleaner to do it this way.
And then we are going to also create an L statement and we do it like this with a colon.
That means that we can still write more commands here.
Right.
All right perfect.
So here we're going to use a function set just to check if the session user always set right here like
this.
Right.
And then if we said we want to display something while we are going to be explaining something it could
be anything you want.
I'm just going to display a
H are you going to say you know what.
Logged in as.
And then I put some more ph beats X here because I'm going to be echoing something hecho Why do you
think we are going to be echoing here.
Well we can decode whatever we want but I'm going to be echoing the user name like this.
All right.
Very clean.
Very nice.
If you find if you're following me you're doing great.
So in the statement that means that we are not logged in right.
This is not set.
We're not logged in and we can display whatever we want.
But of course it would be nice to display this whole form right here.
So I'm going to cut that out.
I'm going to be sitting here right.
So that fits this a little bit
like that.
You can go ahead and play around with it a little bit more and fix it up however you want.
All right.
Anyway let's go and check this out real quick.
So let's refresh not the year let's log in and save you your file.
Please enter.
We go back and we can see that it says logged in that's Rico.
So it's beautifully working.
Let's go back and create that button there so we can create a button right below here that logout button.
Right.
So let's write a class here for this in Bootstrap BT end between hyphen primary and tab.
Because I'm using Emett and the link is going to being kluges to log out BHB page which is right here
log out you see it.
We need to go to this folder right here because this is getting included from there and it's all right
so includes logout that BHP.
And then we can write whatever we want.
I'm just going to write it well like this safe answer and now you have a beautiful button here that
when you click on it it's going to log you out so you can go to really go to Weidmann and you can do
this same thing for admin.
All right.
You might now want to show admen when you're logged in or something like diceware whatever you want.
You can use this functionality here to show different pages or different sections of you see a mass
depending if you are logged in or logged out.
Right.
So all that's going to help you extend your application to do better things.
Thank you so much guys.
And I love your support.
Thank you for those that always give reviews and take the time for that I really appreciate that really
helps all the students find out about the course.
And you guys are awesome.
Seriously thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lectures.